New glossary pages for CSR/SSR (#37491)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/csr/index.md

A pure CSR app may return the following HTML content:

```html
<!doctype html>
<html>
  <head>
    <title>My App</title>
    <script src="bundle.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="root"></div>
    <noscript>
      <p>This app requires JavaScript to run.</p>
    </noscript>
  </body>
</html>
```

Then, the actual page content is generated by JavaScript in `bundle.js`, using [DOM manipulation](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model).

Benefits of CSR include:

- Interactivity: any page update, including route transitions, do not require a full page reload. This makes the app feel faster and more responsive.
- Performance: the server only needs to send the initial HTML content and JavaScript assets. Subsequent page updates can be fetched from an API, which can be faster than fetching a full HTML page, and causes less load on the server.

Both SSR and CSR have their performance tradeoffs, and a mix of SSR and CSR can be used to combine the benefits of both techniques. For example, the server can generate a page skeleton with empty placeholders, and the client can fetch additional data and update the page as needed.

> Note that {{glossary("SPA", "single-page applications")}} do not require the site to be CSR. Modern frameworks, such as [React](/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks/React_getting_started), [Vue](/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks/Vue_getting_started), and [Svelte](/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks/Svelte_getting_started), can be used to build SPAs with SSR capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that {{glossary("SPA", "single-page applications")}} do not require the site to be CSR. Modern frameworks, such as [React](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Frameworks_libraries/React_getting_started), [Vue](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Frameworks_libraries/Vue_getting_started), and [Svelte](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Frameworks_libraries/Svelte_getting_started), can be used to build SPAs with SSR capabilities.
```
